hey everyone one of my favorite things
to make during fall and winter is
plastic vigil and I have a great easy
recipe and i'ma show you how to do it
right here it's a big pan that I went
ahead put on about medium medium-high
heat I put a tablespoon of butter in
here and a little bit of olive oil so
this is a great party
soup for anytime really now I have here
three ounces of pancetta that I went
ahead and had my gently slice really
thick so this is just going to add a
nice porkiness to the soup
if you doesn't love pork I'm going to do
here is cut it into cubes just like this
I'm going to add it in here this is
going to add a lot of flavor
alright so now I'm going to head to chop
this all up we're going to go ahead and
put it in here cook it can you give it
keep it delicious flavor like that so
you can instantly smell how delicious it
is now and it's do some chopping yeah
three stalks of celery three carrots 1
onion 1 clove of garlic we're just going
to go ahead and chop up thinking how I
like the chops is celery I let's take
off the ends just to make it easier more
uniform cut in half just chop it just
like this
alright so now I'm going to show you how
to cut the carrots I like to cut off the
top off the bottom a little bit bit to
side now you can see how the Kara gets a
lot thinner towards the bottom so I cut
it right there I'm just going to cut it
go ahead cut this one just in half just
chop this one up and then for the
thicker part I'm going to chop it in
half and then chop that half-and-half so
they're all uniform sizes just like that
alright so let's go ahead and add this
all to our delicious
turns around I'm going to show you how
to do the onions as well
now for the onion what I like to do is I
just chop up the top chop off the bottom
cut in half so now I'm gonna chop at
this this not all the way to the end
then you're going to slice it kind of a
half just like that cut it comes out
non-uniformed starts cooking down sounds
amazing on it everything smells better a
little pig in it that's what I think I'm
going to add the garlic and then we're
going to add some stock some beans all
right so we went ahead and just let this
cook until the onions are translucent
about a minute or two now you're going
to go ahead and add one can of diced
tomatoes and here now I'm going to use
cannellini beans which are basically
white kidney beans you can use red if
you want or one can of 1 1 can of the
other whatever you like but I like the
white ones that was in there but add one
bay leaf kind of add a couple sprigs of
fresh thyme don't even have to
it's time in here
add some fresh rosemary you don't have
to worry about taking them off because
they'll fall off and it's going to be
delicious in there then we're going to
add 48 ounces of chicken broth right in
here then we're going to let this come
up to a simmer or let it cook for about
about an hour all right so this is
beautiful
it's delicious then let it simmer for
about 30 minutes now over here and
another pot we have about a cup and a
half of these little bit aleni
pasta I just cut macaroni can you break
in a macaroni you can use whatever you
want really I like to use this because
it's Hardy and small at the same time so
what we're going to do is just drain it
and the reason we're not cooking it in
this liquid is if you do that when pasta
cooks it absorbs a lot of liquid it's
going to absorb a lot of this liquid and
that's exactly what we don't want so
then we just cook this al dente over
here I'm going to finish up in here
still get the delicious flavor
this can be very easy very delicious
makes a whole house smell good anyone's
going to like this alright so now that
we have all of our pasta in and go ahead
and fish out all of our stems in our bay
leaf as you can see come out just like
this see you have to worry about taking
off this stuff let's go ahead stir it
all together have a rosemary spoon
perfect look at this a nice hearty
delicious soup you can see all the beans
on the vegetables the pancetta gives it
a nice kind of smoky flavor it'll twist
on the regular pasta fazool well there
you go I like to serve it in a bowl with
some Parmesan cheese in the sauce
delicious there you go pasta fazool
I hope you like it